Add tutorial to create a test VM (#326)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/users/tutorials/vm-getting-started/_index.md

---
title: "Create your first Virtual Machine"

> linkTitle: "Create your first Virtual Machine"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not needed if it's the same as the title

type: docs
weight: 70
description: >

>   Step by step guide to get your first VM up and running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Step by step guide to get your first Virtual Machine up and running
```

---

## Overview

This tutorial describes how to create your first Virtual Machine in the EGI Federation.

> ## Step 1: Sign up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Signing up
```

Create an EGI account with [Check-In](../../check-in/signup).

> ## Step 2: Enroll a Virtual Organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Enrolling to a Virtual Organisation
```

Once your EGI account is ready you need to join a
[Virtual Organisation (VO)](../../check-in/vos/). We have a dedicated VO called
[vo.access.egi.eu](https://operations-portal.egi.eu/vo/view/voname/vo.access.egi.eu)

> for piloting purposes so if you are not sure about what VO to enroll please request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for piloting purposes. If you are not sure about which VO to enrol to, please request
```

access to the _vo.access.egi.eu_ VO with your EGI account by visiting the
[enrollment URL](https://aai.egi.eu/registry/co_petitions/start/coef:240).

> ## Step 3: Create your VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Creating a VM
```

Once your membership to a VO has been approved you are ready to create your first
Virtual Machine. There are several ways to achieve this. The simplest way is to
use a web dashboard like [VMOps Dashboard](../../cloud-compute/vmops/) or
[Infrastructure Manager](../../cloud-compute/im/). On the other hand, advanced users

> may prefer to  use the [command line interface](../../getting-started/cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may prefer to use the [command line interface](../../getting-started/cli).
```

To know more about the [Cloud Compute](https://www.egi.eu/services/cloud-compute/)

> Service in EGI please visit its dedicated section in the [docs](../../cloud-compute).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service in EGI please visit its [dedicated section](../../cloud-compute).
```

> ## Ask for help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Asking for help
```
